Make sure to take care of yourself.
I hope you find glory.
I'll be waiting overseas, Kita-chan.
Kita-chan?
All over Japan...
No, let's cause a festival
wave all over the world!
Right. At the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 11
Decision
Can't eat another bite...
Not another bite...
Oh, no! Dia-chan! Look how late it is!
Oh, right...
I better hurry.
Takeshi Greengrocers
There we go.
Oh, honey, take care of that.
Good morning!
Kita-chan, you're looking lively again today.
But aren't you a little late?
I know, I overslept!
We heard you're headed for the
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Eat some of those, and work hard today!
Thank you so much!
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
And now, a question.
The highest any Japanese
horse girl has placed in the
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe is second.
The three who have done that are Nakayama
Festa, El Condor Pasa, and who else?
What exactly was that?
Kitasan Black.
I suddenly felt heavy, and my legs didn't
have their usual strength in them...
Normally, I'd be able to...
Kitasan Black? Kitasan Black!
R-Right! Tokai Teio!
Wrong. The answer is Orfevre.
This will be important,
so be sure to memorize it.
You answered Tokai Teio when
the answer was Orfevre?
Well, I was kind of spacing out.
I know Dia's gone, but you can't get too lazy!
You might be right.
You've got quite an appetite today, Cheval.
It feels like I can never eat enough.
Maybe it's a growth spurt?
I'll be waiting for you at
the Arima Kinen, Kitasan.
When you get back from the Prix de l'Arc
de Triomphe, I'll have won a G1 title.
Then we can race at Arima.
S-Sure.
I'm not gonna make it easy for you.
I've finally won a domestic G1 race.
And I'm aiming to win the Fall Tennoushou,
the Japan Cup, and the Arima Kinen.
All of them.
So, when are you flying ou,t Kitasan?
Uh, I'm still thinking about it.
Well, make sure you're in
good shape when you do.
You won't be able to win the Prix de l'Arc
de Triomphe if you run like that again.
Remember the Takarazuka Kinen?
Did you not train enough?
Yeah... that might be it.
Cheval?
I need seconds.
Wow, you're still gonna eat?
If you want, you can have this.
Oh, you're not eating much today, Kitasan.
You didn't eat your katsudon dessert.
I'm just feeling full already.
Is this because Dia's gone, too?
Maybe...
Can this emperor
surpass the last?
Tokai Teio
Good morning, Dia-chan.
Okay.
Dia-chan
Dia-chan, just wait. I'll be there soon.
Bakushin, Bakushin, Bakushin!
Bakushin! Bakushin!
Baku-shin-shin!
Don't walk while looking at your phone!
Sorry! I was looking at
my phone while walking.
No worries! I should've been more careful too.
I need to be on my way, though.
Oh, okay.
Okay, that was a pretty good time.
Kita-chan? Something wrong?
Sorry, I'm gonna run another one.
Huh? What is going on here?
Something... something feels...
Yep, not bad at all, Kitasan.
Well, I don't think I was able to
pull out all the stops that time.
But you were able to maintain your time.
What's wrong? Something feeling different?
I'm gonna run a bit more.
Whoa, hold on! If you feel funny,
it's better not to overdo it.
You might still be exhausted
from the Takarazuka Kinen.
Goal
You oughta head back for today and rest up.
But—
Kitasan.
I understand. I'll head on back.
That girl...
You did it! That was your best
time today at the end there.
Yes!
Here, some water.
Thank you so much!
Okay, that ought to do it for today.
Right!
Actually, I think I'm gonna do one more lap!
Your bottle!
She can still run like that, huh?
Feeling clean and happy!
About to have lunch
Have you decided when you're
coming to France?
Honestly, Dia-chan,
I'm feeling kinda weird
Yours now.
Let's see how many you can put together.
I'll let you know as soon
as I've got a date. Good night.
I'll let you know as soon as I've got a date. Good night.
I'm fine.
I'm fine. It's fine.
I'm sure it's okay.
I'll get a lot of sleep, eat my fill,
and get into proper shape.
If I practice... If I practice
a whole bunch, I'm sure—
"If I practice enough, I can go
back to being the way I used to be."
Golshi-san...
But... it ain't like that.
No matter how hard you practice.
No matter what you do.
How'd you...
Because I've been through the same thing.
At some point, I couldn't pass
anyone the way I used to.
I started having trouble
controlling my emotions.
Got bad at exiting the gate, too.
Kitasan Black...
You're past your peak.
Honestly, Dia-chan,
I'm feeling kinda weird
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
I... see.
I had hoped that wasn't the case.
So, back at the Takarazuka Kinen...
Trainer-san...
I can keep running, can't I?
Of course, being past your prime doesn't mean
that you'll suddenly stop being able to race.
But it is true that you'll be
less competitive over time.
How long do I have?
When it come to horse girls
who have passed their peak...
It can play out any number of ways.
Some are suddenly unable
to run at all anymore,
and some see a gradual
decline in their ability.
There've been a few who suddenly
became competitive again,
like they were reborn, but...
In that case...
In that case, I might be
able to keep running, right?
It's possible.
But... what about the Prix
de l'Arc de Triomphe?
It's a goal that many horse girls
have attempted and failed at.
If you do win there, you'd leave your
mark on Japanese horse girl history.
But you'd be traveling a huge distance,
dealing with compatibility
issues with overseas turf,
and facing a whole slew of other risks.
Whatever you decide... make sure
you don't have any regrets.
I understand. If you'll excuse me.
To be honest...
I wouldn't want you to go in your condition.
Fukunaga Shopping District
I'm past my peak...
So that's what it was.
What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?
Dia-chan, I...
Okay, it's all done!
Looks about right.
It's lovely!
Hold it open...
Lift it up! A bit higher!
Easy there...
Nice!
It is.
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe!!
It's a festival!! Kitasan Black!!
Wow, it's huge!
It turned out great, though.
Thank you all so much for helping with it.
Come on, it was our pleasure!
It really is a wonderful flag.
Our Kita-chan running at the
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe...
Sounds like something from a dream.
The thing is...
Look, I know it'd be amazing for
her to race in France, right?
But still...
I think running in Fuchu
suits her best of all.
You've got a point.
I was hoping to root for her in the
stands during the fall G1 races.
It would've been great
if we could all watch Kita-chan
win both Tennoushous in one year!
We won't be able to see
her for a while, will we?
I'll miss her.
Passing a banana to Kita-chan
when she runs by every morning,
and then at the end of the
week following her races...
She's become a part of our
daily lives, hasn't she?
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe!!
It's a festival!! Kitasan Black!!
Trainer's Office
I see... so you've decided.
Right.
They want to watch me. To watch me race.
They said that I'm part of it.
Part of their daily lives.
So I'm not going to France.
If I've only got a limited
amount of time left...
I want all of my races to be in front of
the people who are cheering for me.
Kitasan...
So register me for a whole
bunch of races, please!
The Fall Tennoushou, the Japan Cup,
the Arima Kinen... I'll run in them all.
Maybe you'll try for the Fall
Senior Triple Crown, then.
There've only been two horse
girls who've managed to win
those three particular G1 races.
Plus, the Fall Tennoushou is your chance to
win both of those races in a single year.
How about it?
Yeah!
Okay, in that case,
the Fall Tennoushou comes first.
Trainer-san.
I'm going to win the Tennoushou to
prove that I can still keep running.
Sure.
Okay! Let's do this!
Yeah...
I'm sorry I can't run with you.
Yeah... Yeah.
Let's both do our best.
Bye.
Kitasan Black's Prix de l'Arc
de Triomphe Plans Canceled
Satono Diamond Places 15th at
the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
We're seeing a sky darkened
by a passing typhoon,
with heavy turf as a result
of persistent rain.
And in spite of that,
the bleachers here at the Tokyo Racecourse
are full of fans who've
gathered to watch them race.
We've got an impressive lineup of eight
G1 horse girls competing today...
And the most attention arguably falls on
Kitasan Black, with five G1 wins currently.
That's right.
If she can get out in front as usual,
we're likely to see an
impressive race from her.
What about Satono Crown,
who won the Takarazuka Kinen?
She's shown a knack for
running on heavy turf before.
It'll be interesting to see how
that plays into today's race.
The Fall Tennoushou will be starting shortly.
The Fall Tennoushou—2,000 meters in the rain—
has begun!
Whoa, and it looks like Kitasan
Black has made a late start!
She's running late!
We're seeing an intense fight for
first place in the muddy turf.
The rain may have thrown her timing off,
because Kitasan Black
is off to a rough start!
She's going to be observing the race
from the rear to start off today!
Kita-san had a late start?!
This doesn't look good.
And in the first corner, we're seeing
number 11, Tour d’Ivoire,
number one, Hard Control, and
Kitasan Black in these positions!
The Fall Tennoushou is said to be
the traditional way of determining
who among the senior class running classic races
is the best at medium distances.
What brought that on?
In this race,
the first time you hit the second corner
is relatively short at 100 meters.
They say running on the inside is advantageous,
but considering the typhoon has
turned the turf heavy and muddy...
The runners avoid rough
patches on the inner edge,
causing more crowd density in the corner,
which has made a mess of
the fight for the lead.
And that's gonna make it even
harder for Kitasan Black,
who started late after a gate bump.
This is gonna be one tough race.
I'm amazed you caught all that.
They've entered the opposite straight.
Tour d’Ivoire is in the lead.
On the outside is number 18, Xbalanque,
with Satono Crown moving up on the inside!
They've cleared the first 1,000 meters.
The rough turf is clearly having
an effect, as it took 64 seconds.
Everyone's having such a hard time.
With the turf in this condition...
Trouble like this wouldn't normally
be enough to slow Kitasan down.
They're now entering the third curve.
Tour d’Ivoire is still in the lead...
Wait, it looks like Faster Than Ray has it now!
Okay!
Kitasan?!
Where's this intensity coming from?
I can't lose... I won't!
And now Satono Crown has
risen to second place!
Which one of these horse girls
will conquer this muddy track
to claim the autumn plaque?!
And now, entering the final corner,
with less than 600 meters left!
The horse girls are beginning
their last spurt!
They're avoiding the track's inside,
a slushy mess,
and running on the outside!
And Faster Than Ray is in first place!
It looks like this course has taken
its toll on the G1 horse girls,
because no one is closing in!
Whoa there!
And it's Satono Crown who
starts to push forward!
She's proving her skill at running
through mud as she starts to move up!
Okay!
Satono Crown seizes the lead—
No, and now, all of a sudden,
here's Kitasan Black!
She's charging her way through
the muddy inside of the track
that everyone is avoiding,
and Kitasan Black is suddenly gaining ground!
Crown-san!
Go!
Do it! Kitasan!
Kitasan Black is furiously closing in!
And now she's in the lead!
I'm gonna win this!
Four hundred meters to go!
Kitasan is maintaining her lead!
She's still ahead!
But Satono Crown is right behind!
Can Kitasan Black escape her?!
Can Satono Crown pass her?!
Kitasan!
This is it!
Kitasan is looking strained!
And now Satono Crown moves to
the inside in an effort to pass!
Here comes Crown! Here comes Crown!
The gap is shrinking!
Kitasan is holding on for
dear life! She's still in the lead!
We're seeing a real struggle
through this muddy terrain
as they both push forward down the lengthy
Tokyo straight towards glory in a dead heat!
Who will obtain the fall plaque
in the middle of this storm?!
Kitasan Black?! Or Satono Crown?!
Crown-san! You can do it!
Go!
But Kitasan holds!
It's Kitasan Black!
And Kitasan Black crosses the goal!
The anxieties from the Arima
Kinen have been laid to rest!
What a splendid win from Kitasan Black!
She had a rare slip up at the start,
but when all was said
and done, it wasn't a problem!
She was able to overpower
the typhoon-muddied course,
and demonstrate why she's currently
considered the strongest in the Twinkle Series!
By winning the Fall Tennoushou!
And with that, she has won both
Tennoushou races in a single year!
Amazing... Kita-san was really amazing!
In addition to Special Week and T.M. Opera O,
we've seen Kitasan Black's name
chiseled into horse girl history!
A winning time of 02:08.30!
She was able to overcome
some rough conditions,
and keep Satono Crown from managing
to get ahead until the end!
Kitasan Black has now won
her sixth G1 victory!
I see...
I see.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm